Israel and Hezbollah are at
War villages in southern Lebanon within
4 km of the Border have become closed
military zones neighborhoods have been
destroyed the conflict began when the
Lebanese armed group opened the front to
help Gaza but has moved Beyond The
Border
region we are in herbet Sim around 12 km
north of the
battlefield people still live here even
though the area has been hit by Israeli
fire Israel has intensified its strikes
against what it says are Hezbollah
assets quite often they are
homes about 150 families displaced from
the border areas moved to our village
now there are 120 because some are
worried and move further
north and while attacks by both sides
have largely been confined to military
targets civilians have also been killed
Israel's strategy here is similar to its
military campaign against Iran in
neighboring Syria it involves targeted
strikes to weaken in this case Hezbollah
and degrade its
capabilities Israel's strikes have
reached as far as balbec in eastern
Lebanon 100 km from the border Fighters
and commanders have also been killed in
pinpoint operations most of the firing
as ass sets 7080 % is along the blue
line but recently we have seen a
development of these uh of these uh um
hostilities that have been moving
further and more targeted more
lethal are they moving to level three
no yeah so we have to go to the bunkers
right now that's the first time in in
couple of
months
the UN peacekeeping force in southern
Lebanon doesn't have the power to stop
this conflict hasbalah has said it won't
stop firing until the war on Gaza
ends okay so this uh is a the short
video of what happened just a few
minutes ago Israeli war planes just hit
not far from the UN base it is trying to
push the armed group away from the
border the conflict has so far spared
population centers but mediation efforts
are at a standstill and the trajectory
is on an unpredictable path Zen Al jazer
Southern
Lebanon make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer